[Music]
r is in chill mode in a space and
you want me to come in to piss things off B really
cute the dog the dog is that dog It's
beautiful a dog of dogs a
dog and it seems the dog liy the one who takes
care of the dog is her well I mean she's the one who
and they are quite attentive I mean to
be honest there were quite a
few moments in which in which in which
Voldemort uh Sometimes he played
with the dog and such was there I mean I
say that he mistreated the dog or that he
did something bad to the dog there no no I mean it's a
lie it wouldn't be a lie He didn't
do anything bad to him but rather played with him
when he went into the pool he would call him
and such he would put him in the pool so the
dog would get wet when it was hot and
such I mean that he treated him well he treated him
well what happens is that I think
people focus the discussion on that in How
was he when when he had this dog with
my mother the discussion comes in that at
that moment the guy was crazy and and he
mistreated he mistreated the dog and then
well  history with other animals
and such all all things that have
enough evidence no I mean quite
difficult to refute the evidence and that's
why I think the guy is desperate
to erase all of that because it makes him
look terribly but I mean being
truly objective and
balanced to think that he is going to
behave the same way now as he
behaved 10 years ago is stupid
but focusing the debate on the fact that he
is now a good person and the one who is
now going to take care of the dog seems
stupid to me too because he is
behaving badly because he is taking a
dog that is 7 years old with a
family to come bring him to
include him by force in his life, I
mean when you bring an animal into
your house you are bringing another member of
your house that it is not to humanize
pets but but
a pet does change your life, I mean depending on the
size of the breed of what it is, if it
is a cat, if it is a dog, if it is a
parrot, if it is a turtle, whatever you bring into
your house, it changes your routine, it changes
absolutely everything  ent I think the debate
is focusing on the issue of whether he mistreated him at the
time or not when it should be focusing on the fact
that he is removing a member of a
family Even though we cannot
humanize him he already belongs to a home and
belongs to a family to bring him into
their world having the possibility of
having I don't know buy another one Well I think that they are
not going to return the dog that is what I
think they will do I don't know I am fit
fitting I don't know what they will do The
truth is I am fit fitting on the one hand I
think it is too much of a pain to continue
with that stubbornness and that they
will hand him over but then on the other hand I don't
know I don't see them complying with the law
either that I don't know we would have to assess the
consequences of not handing him over it's
not that I sincerely don't think it will cost
me to go to jail eh I don't know
the truth is that jail here we are in
Spain we are not in Guantanamo let's
see I would have to review it I don't remember
the sentence by heart but if I'm not
mistaken there was a crime of
disobedience and there was also a crime
of forgery but that one I think the
forgery I think  It was for the father,
for me it was disobedience and
misappropriation, I don't know if it was,
we were in the manor and now we are
with the kids. Send me a blessing
J Tomás marathon, no marathon, a kiss.
Thank you very much. I'm not sure that they will
go to jail, eh. Even if they don't serve
the sentence now, I'm not
sure they will have it very, very.
Let's see how much the sentence
was. I think it was the one. I think
Miare was sentenced. I don't know if it was
6 months and it was 6 months for the appropriation. I do
n't remember if it was for
misappropriation or for
disobedience, but in the event that it is
for misappropriation, then what happened
to the father doesn't matter. Okay, then. Of course,
if now they don't obey the sentence, of course,
Dalas would have to request the execution,
eh, insist, I mean, months would go by and
finally, denounce them again, of course, and
denounce them again. mm The one who breaks
the sentence now would be the father because I think
the one who is condemned to
return the dog is  the father is that I
'm speaking from memory and I could be
wrong eh but of course what I think is
that the one who is condemned to return the
dog is the father the father I don't remember
if he was sentenced to 6 months, a year or a
year and a half is that since there were two
sentences I'm already confused okay But
well let's say that the father is
sentenced [ __ ] I don't know How much
a year the father is I don't know How much it's
worth But if it's a year it's for
document falsification no eh if the
father now does not obey the sentence it
would be a crime of disobedience to miare
for disobedience they fine her they don't
sentence her to prison so for the
father in order for them to go to
prison now they would have to sentence him to I don't
know if its María why not they don't
sentence them to the same crime of course I don't
have the sentence in front of me it would have to be
seen but it doesn't work out very well for me that
between eh I don't know if they would go to prison eh I do
n't know if they would end up going to prison
because of course it depends because of course maybe
because it's a second time yes  It
gives you a sentence that already entails jail time because [ __ ] Because it is also related to that other sentence already disobeyed so I don't know I think that if there was jail time it would be weeks uh weeks or rather it would be maybe a 2 year sentence that then turns into
weeks I don't know the truth and or that it would
even be suspended I don't know the truth
is getting ahead of ourselves on something that is not Of course
Karime has no criminal record the good ones they
have them
when this sentence is final that I know Well what I know no they have no criminal record because if not they would have already come out in this in this same procedure they would have come out the same as Wismichu's did they have no criminal record I mean it doesn't seem to me that they would go to jail or even with those eh It does
n't seem to me that they would go to jail or
that they would enter or even with those eh I think I do
n't know the truth I don't know I'm not good at
making these predictions The
truth is neither for one side nor for the other
I think that I think that jail no but
yes it is a hassle Eh yes it is a
hassle yes there are many criminal records that it
will cost you life to get out of
problems to  the time to travel to
find a job of course is that everything It
's not jail either obviously
we live in a country where
jail is something that is the last thing
that arrives they don't have to be
serious things no but of course it's not pleasant not to
be sentenced to prison and and to be
sentenced to prison and not being able to
travel and not being able to enter here that you
can't enter there that they throw you out of
work I don't know the truth I have no idea I do
n't know what they will do the truth
I imagine that they will evaluate mm I think
they will put what happens I will play It hasn't
arrived yet I will play it hasn't arrived yet I will
play I don't know what's happening lately with
that man he said that the demands
arrived in a month I remember I remember that
when he criticized that
the demand hadn't arrived to Laser and he
questioned it no he said that it would surely
be a lie on our part he said that
the demands arrive in a month
[Music]